
The Tale of Mikash and the Catastrophe of Aleris

This is the tale of the events which led to the destruction of the original home of the elves: Aleris. The tale, as it is told, begins in Ailron --capital city of the elvish domain, 495 years before the disaster that would fall upon the elven people with the birth of a child named Mikash, son of Seldor  and Maerion Taval. 

The union between Seldor and Maerion had been much anticipated, as they were both offspring of powerful family lines. Seldor the Undaunted, as he had come to be known, was not only master of the rare art of portal magic but also Headmaster of Ailron's School of Magic. Maerion, was reknown for her rare gift of purification --an ability that had allowed her to ascend quickly at the National School of Healing. 

That was not all, however, as Seldor and Maerion had been much blessed for Mikash came into the world as a second child, and his already-of-age older brother Eoin was showing great promise in combat magic. In Aleris all children spent their time in communal places of knowledge and kinesiology, to allow for their minds and bodies to grow in an environment of cooperation. Once their bodies were optimally developed and they had shown aptitude for a type of magic use they were separated into environments that would better nurture their abilities. 

Particular field of magical study


In his early youth Mikash befriended another elf-chlid named Nemir Galontaur. Nemir was a bright kid from a more humble family line. His mother was an herbalist and tender of city gardens (a still somewhat prestigious role) and his Father was an instructor in offensive magic skills (an area of magic which was out of favour during the extended peace the elves had experienced). Never-the-less Mikash and Nemir became fast friends (not that there was a lot of choice) who did most things together often getting into places they shouldn't be (Normally because of Nemir who was somewhat of a rule breaker). Mikash was older by about a decade and felt somewhat protective of Nemir in the early days. When they reached their age coming at X years old they decided (as was allowed) to take the journey with each other as companions. (Elves when they come of age traditionally spend two years travelling through the world, and sometimes through portals to other planes the elves had explored)