Mikash's family

The Tavals have strong family ties to powerful families that belong to the regent council. 

The regent council is a governmental body, similar to a senate, made up of the families who have shown the most prowess in disciplines that have proved indispensable for the future of the society of Aleris, power is not centralized and all decisions are taken by absolute majority. 
In most cases, affinity for magic of a particular type is genetically coded so it permeates family trees. This means that generally families stay within the same schools of magic. There are 7 major schools of magic, each school offers different specializations. To ensure fairness, each school is at any given time, led by three families. One of these three families represents the school as part of the magic council. Members of the council remain in power only for periods of 12 years. After this time the representative in the Senate must be changed by the school, however, representatives can sit in the Senate as many terms as their school wishes them to do so as long as those terms are not consecutive. No two members of the same family line can sit at the regent council simultaneously. 

Schools of magic:

Restoration: Purification, Potions, Healing, Mending
Artifice: Mechanisms, Charms, Concealment 
Animism: Golmancy, Necromancy, Reanimation
Portal: Energy control, Ley lines, Teleportation
Combat: Defense, Spells, Guards, Amoury (needs an artificer)
Herbalism: Forestry, Agriculture, Potions
Transmutatives: Alchemy, Transmutation (relies on affinity), Inspiration (crystal manipulation)

REPATCH

1st Arch-Mage, 2nd Grand-Mage, 3rd Mage / All others are either Trainees or Apprentices

Elemental Stones
Sepstones
Imbued Crystals


Seldor Taval was native to Ailron, as the Tavals have a history of sitting at the Boards of either the Schools of Portal and Artifice magic. 
Maerion is part of the Pyrcenias family line based in the region of Aelthorn. The Pyrcenias have sat at Board of the School of Herbalism on a number of different ocassions. Maerion would be the first of the Pyrcenias to sit at the Board of the School of Healing. 

Seldor and Maerion wedded in the year 723 B.L.A, their first born (Eoin) came into the world in the year 572 B.L.A and was soon found to show a strong inclination for Combat magic.This was an unexpected trait, since none of the progenitors families had ever shown aptitute for this particular type of magic. By the time Eoin was old enough to transfer to the School of Combat, Nemir father was sitting the Board and was in an active campaign of opposition to the current representative of the school at the regent council. 

Mister X (Need a name for a bad guy here), was lobying the Council in order to convince them of the need to begin invasive action in other planes. Portal magic had been recently advanced enough so as to allow for the creation of stable portals, and a couple of planes had been seen through the 'veil'. The veil is a state in which the portal is stable enough to see through, but has not been activated to allow for movement of matter. Mister X wants the council to authorize the formation of an offensive army, made up mostly of strong spell casters. 

Nemir's father opposes Mister X on the grounds that there is not enough information about the planes that have been seen and he also suspects that some of the energy that has been sensed through the 'veil' belongs to beings who deal in a type of magic unknown to elves. He is worried that most of Mister X campaign focuses on spell casting and little plans has been formed in relation to defense mechanisms. The schools have specializations, but generally speaking all students are instructed in all subtypes so that they may realize their magic potential to the fullest. Subtypes within a discipline are not considered exclusive, rather they are all integral parts of the use of a particular magical type. In combat, a elven warrior is expected to be able to perform defensive maneuvers, build guards for civilians and/or teammates, as well as to cast offensive spells. 

Talk about how elven armies work. Armour and shields are generally made by artificers, and artificers are trained to be part of army teams as they fulfill the functions of engineers. Healing personnel is also important part of the army structure. Nevertheless, there are different types of combatants. Elves have tanks (experts in guards), rogues (experts in concealment and close combat), hunters (experts in long distance shooting and tracking) and mages (experts in middle range combat, they do most of the spell casting during combat).











